DOCS-669 - Update "Logs for Security" section (#5040)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/security/additional-security-features/introduction-to-additional-security-features.md

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> "Logs for Security" is Sumo Logic's full set of features that leverage logs for security use cases. These features includes apps, customizable dashboards, and tools to analyze your security data. This allows you to use Sumo Logic's core functionality, including data collection, ingestion, and storage, to produce findings that help protect your attack surfaces from threats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Logs for Security" is Sumo Logic's full set of features that leverage logs for security use cases. These features includes apps, customizable dashboards, and tools to analyze your security data. This allows you to use Sumo Logic's core functionality, including data collection, ingestion, and storage, to generate insights that help protect your attack surfaces from threats.
```
